Long running migration docs (#29846)
demisto/content: Packs/WebFileRepository/Integrations/WebFileRepository/README.md

To access the File Management UI by instance name, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled. 

1. In Cortex XSOAR, go to **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.
2. (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the `instance.execute.external.<instance_name>` key is set to `true`. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the `instance.execute.external.<instance_name>` and set the value to `true`. See [this documentation](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/long-running-invoke) for further information.
3. In a web browser, 
   (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) go to `https://<cortex-xsoar-address>/instance/execute/<instance_name>/`.

   In Multi Tenant environments, go to `https://<cortex-xsoar-address>/acc_<account name>/instance/execute/<instance_name>/`

>    (For Cortex XSOAR 8) go to `https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
>    (For Cortex XSIAM) go to `https://ext-<XSIAM-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/<instance-name>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (For Cortex XSOAR 8 or Cortex XSIAM) `https://ext-<tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
```
